[00:00] Firstly all, I think there is a disclaimer slide, but DC, you're probably gonna have to send it to me and I will screen share it. Basically that we're not giving investment advice. I'm certainly not telling you whether you should buy or sell Valereum shares, given what's happened the last couple of weeks, which I'm surprised to say the least, but maybe not given all the rhetoric.

[00:23] But there is a very big healthy disclaimer on, please do not take this as investment advice. This isn't a forward-looking statement either. This was specifically designed this session because a lot of the investors wanted the opportunity to ask some questions. I'm the most appropriate to do that.

[00:42] Please also be conscious on any comments that you might make that you've got most of the directors on this call. And you've also got some of the QGP people. So please show some respect, whatever you think of us, them, me, any of the above.

[01:06] So my personal observation is the further we advance the business, which I believe we have, the worse it seems to get for the share price. So it's becoming quite confusing that however much we've made progress on tokenization in general. And it's critically important that people acknowledge that we're a tokenization company first and foremost.

[01:31] So I don't know that I have reconciles of whether you're a long-term investor or a day trader, but we're not gonna keep giving you a running commentary during the day for all those people that go on whatever social media channels.

[01:45] We're focused on, we reformed this business when Jamie put an awful lot of money in it. I got brought in as I was an advisor to the board to change the shape of the business. We have very much kept to our knitting.

[02:02] I think it's important that people know whether you like QGP or know QGP or have a thing that almost every single tokenization company of the big ones that are out there or which we would be considered one of those at the moment of the emerging ones, they all have an investor like QGP.

[02:17] So if you look at Chinti, who I think are probably the closest to us, they have a billionaire called Bruno Wu who owns Sun Seven Stars. And all those people in the same way that when we started, based upon the premise that they invest in those companies because they really want to be able to tokenize their portfolios.

[02:40] So common feature, I don't know, it can be back to my notes. A lot of the tokenization companies have been cornerstone investors. We started off on the road with QGP around the fact that they're prominent in that royalty and streaming space in the precious metals like gold and they've got some other stuff as well.

[03:02] Day by day, that there are a handful of people who either have some kind of bias. I don't know why, I stopped even looking at the nonsense now that people put up. But there's an awful lot of conspiracy theories.

[03:19] So I'm gonna try and basically explain what we're doing in the business and dispel some of the absolute nonsense that's out there.

[03:37] In fact, I think one of them's just joined, right? So he could maybe unveil himself in the future and explain whether he's paid for all the stuff he posts, whether he just has a very big grudge against Valereum.

[03:53] So hold on there, just add people. I think it's gonna be tough.

[03:56] So just starting at the top, it's important to recognize that for those people that have queried QGP and their legitimacy, we didn't magically decide they were great people, that we were introduced to them. They are a Cayman registered segregated portfolio company.

[04:20] We hired leading Cayman lawyers to do all the checks and balances. They were verified by three different FCA firms. So as much as, and again, I've seen hundreds of different texts, emails on nonsense out there. We basically spent tens of thousands of pounds. We relied on the enhanced DD. We spoke to the Monetary Authority and the Caymans. We spoke to several other companies in the Caymans to confirm the legitimacy of QGP.

[04:50] They have acted with the utmost professionalism. And I think that body of evidence, so people can continue to speculate as long as much as they want. We're not gonna provide them with a huge body, but we have as to guilt, right? We have a letter of good standing from a leading lawyer, and they have passed every single check that one could possibly imagine.

[05:12] I used to have a very senior FCA regulated job, so I pretty much know what goes on with this. Not a single red flag was raised in any of the process, in going through that process with QGP.

[05:26] So you may have your conspiracy theories about them, but I would also add that again, I think it's somewhat embarrassing that the people have proposed that they're fraudsters, that this is a fraud, that we're fraudsters.

[05:45] It doesn't kind of stack up with the facts, right? That they have not only passed every single check and balance, but if it were a fraud, it would be an interesting fraud, that they've not only spent hundreds of thousands of dollars, they spent tens of thousands of hours with us to get to basically launch VGOLD, and they passed every single check and balance.

[06:09] So the usual MO of a fraudster is, they try and perpetuate a fraud, and then they vanish when you catch them. And if we end up with, they're paying us in the hundreds of thousands, and they probably have, if you rack up all their costs is probably in the millions, it would be quite an interesting fraud to be the other way around.

[06:31] So I think we judge them on their actions. They've been incredibly good to work with. And again, we're not gonna keep pandering to people who have got these ridiculous conspiracy theories, of which one of them is that they've been selling shares in the market. And that's also nonsense, just to be absolutely clear.

[06:53] We would see whenever they sell a single share. So I think just to kind of dispel some of the absolute rubbish that's out there.

[07:00] And very, very lastly, I think probably just for my, and I will say I have a vested interest. We've had a lot of questions asking about illiquid asset solutions, and I'll just be really clear what that was.

[07:11] So that was the advisory firm that was actually set up by Grant Gischen, who's one of the directors, now one of the directors. Hold on now, just had somebody else join.

[07:29] So he came up, I used to be a consultant many, many years ago. He used to be a private equity consultant. Before we were both really involved in Valereum, we were doing consultancy around some crypto stuff. It's actually now the single largest deal introducer for the company.

[07:47] So the small group of people, of which for good or bad, my son is one of them. He used to do M&A for a big US firm. While we were doing basically illiquid asset solution deals outside of Valereum, it's now the engine for most of the deals for Valereum. So that's why it's involved, right? It is now a related party for anything.

[08:10] But we're not gonna keep running around apologizing. The fact it's the deal engine for Valereum, right? Valereum is now a relatively small entity with a handful of people, mostly around origination.

[08:23] Our biggest source of origination, so although QGP have, we're in the process of looking at tens of billions of dollars of assets with them, we also are now speaking to probably six other similar types of people like QGP to tokenize there, whether it's titanium, which is a huge deal, but it's a deal that's up to nearly a quarter of a trillion dollars, so 232 billion dollars.

[08:45] It's the largest titanium mine in Brazil, which we're working with the owners of that. We are looking at three gold mines, all of the 30 to 40 billion dollars. So they are in the millions of ounces of production ready gold, in the same way that the cornerstone asset of Ego Corp, which we'll get to, happens to be an asset owned by QGP.

[09:08] So we're gonna, the corner, I guess the focus of our business now, we've spent an awful lot of time with QGP to develop Vgold and Vgold Corp, and I'll talk about them in a bit while, but this is what we are, right? We're a tokenization company, so I know everybody's been running around saying, well, let's take some cash, let's take some cash, but we have a huge vested interest in the tokenization space.

[09:33] So I'm gonna stop, I'm gonna talk about lots of questions around coupon payment and structure, around the bonds that we originally did the deal on to sell half the company and the coupon, how we've morphed that to a different bond, and I will take some personal responsibility here, right?

[09:50] When we got Vgold to a point that it was pretty much ready to launch, which is now, and the proposition that was on the table to not only have a profit share, which we didn't have originally, so in tokens, you typically get a one or 2% if you're a token issuer.

[10:10] The conversations with the QGP guys, which now we're talking about merging technologies, they really own Vgold Corp, which is unregulated, we own Vgold, which is regulated, to merge those technologies and to merge how we work together with the CTO for the technologies, and also to leverage their assets where we get a profit share and switch from a relatively illiquid bond that paid a decent coupon, so the original bond we did with the MTN, to something that's a liquid bond backed by gold tokens, complete no-brainer for us. I'd make that decision every day of the week.

[10:49] Now, obviously, we need to verify it, which we will do in the next few weeks, but that was a very, very easy decision, which I led. I had all the conversations with the QGP people, and if the verification turns out to be correct, so if it doesn't, we effectively go back to cash coupon.

[11:11] If it turns out that they're three million ounce of gold mine, which we've had the paperwork for weeks, we've done an awful lot of checks, and we're very confident it's real, that gets verified by a top four firm, so a PwC or Deloitte, then to own liquid tokens, and effectively what is a gold product, as opposed to an illiquid bond, where that's a complete no-brainer decision for us.

[11:36] So people have asked, how much cash are we getting? We're not gonna tell you, right? I can tell you it's somewhere between half a million dollars and four million dollars, but it's only the verification process that will get us to that answer.

[11:49] So we made a commercial decision, I will stand by that. I drove that commercial decision, and very worst case, which goes back to the conspiracy theorists, if it turns out that they don't own the mines, and they're not real, of all those incredibly unlikely, then it's still a great position for shareholders, because we effectively get to unwind the original deal, and we're still in a really good position with VGOLD for other investors and other issuers.

[12:17] So the answer to that question is, it's aligned with everything we're doing. It's at the heart of what we want to do for the next two or three years, which is effectively tokenized gold mines and other precious metal. These are all assets that can't access funding.

[12:35] So there are allegedly 800 gold mines out there that can't get funding. The ecosystem that we developed with the QGP guys, and I'll give the CEO, Peter Schultz, who probably is on this call, full credit. Nobody else is offering it. It's a stroke of genius to go to market, and everyone we take it to says it's a great product.

[12:55] So if we will get this up off the ground, and very worst case that the QGP don't turn out to be real, we'll still get it up off the ground, but we all think they're real. So that's just where we are on coupon payment and structure.

[13:10] Due diligence and asset verification, lots of questions. Now, the question is, what did we do? What did we have done externally?

[13:22] Very, very simply, we appointed an awful lot of external people, and it didn't include the QGP guys to make this assessment, because obviously it's their assets. We've been working with them for VGOLD Core, so it's purely the Valereum team, and we have checked every single document. There are dozens of documents. We have provided them to third parties, and we have not found a single thing that we should be concerned about.

[13:52] So we will continue to do that. The next part of that process is we will hand that over to a big four firm to do the final piece of verification.

[14:02] If you look on the VGOLD website, you will also see that when they VGOLD Core QGP market this to investors themselves, it comes with a blockchain verification. So it's called Chainmark and Oracle, and basically independent verification.

[14:19] So people can have all their little conspiracy theories as much as they want, but they don't stand up to when a Deloitte or an EY or a PWC check the dots. It would suggest for those people that their initial asset they're going to use as liquidity is a gold mine which has got verified.

[14:36] So it's called measured and inspected, or measured and indicated, more than three million ounces of gold, and then it's production ready.

[14:45] So again, we think we've done our homework and we'll continue to do that.

[14:53] Next stage, gold backing and token value. So just to be clear that we will issue VGOLD tokens and there'll be regulated tokens, and that process will probably, we didn't particularly want to announce it as we did this morning or yesterday, but we will start that regulatory process. We're ready to do that.

[15:12] Our good friends at QGP, when we align technologies, they really own VGOLD Core, and they have these multi-billion dollar assets that sit behind VGOLD Core now.

[15:23] So what that really is, they have about four of these, so they'll either use one, two, up to four of those, and effectively it's a liquidity backbone for tokenized gold.

[15:36] So it allows them to, and this goes back to, if people remember the billion dollars when we first announced this deal, this goes back to saying that you needed to be able to access liquidity to do these deals.

[15:55] So no more than it's a liquidity instrument backed by a couple of billion dollars of gold mines, or gold mine assets.

[16:03] So why VGOLD, hopefully I've mentioned, we want to build an infrastructure with QGP to tokenize real world assets. We're focused on gold. If we tap in the VGOLD Core liquidity, we feel we can go after an awful lot of these deals over the next two or three years.

[16:20] None of these gold mines can get bank funding anymore, so they all access private capital. So again, credit to the QGP guys for the stroke of genius on the ecosystem.

[16:33] TetherGold don't offer this, neither does Paxos, so all of this will be different from other gold tokens.

[16:41] And then once we've done gold, like we're already talking about titanium, we're talking about magnesium, we're talking about copper, so we've got a dozen different conversations going on with different people who've got the assets, and our job is to try and tokenize them.

[16:55] And if we can access this liquidity pool with QGP, then we will have something in the market that nobody else does. It's very, very early days though, so these take a couple of months to get up, it takes a couple of months to list a token, so any investor looking to think we're going to make some inordinate amount of money in the next couple of weeks, we're not the investment for you.

[17:18] So moving on, revenue potential and pipeline. How do we make our money? Like all tokenization companies, there's a fee pool between one and 2%, so if we do deals, like you will have all seen the CoinGT deal, you will have seen the Clinics AI deal, the Wageen deal, they've all got fee pools between one and 2%, we can't tell you what the likelihood of those is, and I'm certainly not going to give you any forward guidance on this goal.

[17:44] But the fee pool, now obviously it's different for VGold and VGold Corp because we've agreed a revenue share principle with QGP, and if you imagine that you dig gold out of the ground for $1,500 to $2,000 an ounce, and you sell it at the moment for $5,000 an ounce, they and other mine owners are making an awful lot of money if you can finance that, and that's why we think that typically tokenization gives you a fee pool somewhere around 1%, we think profit sharing is a much better outcome for us and for them, and to be aligned and integrated and in partnership.

[18:24] So we talk about some of the downsides. What's the downside, which again, we actually think we've done a decent job here for shareholders in terms of protecting them, so it doesn't deliver the coupon or we don't get to signing the definitive agreement that sits behind that announcement today.

[18:42] Number one, they offered to pledge all their shares and warrants as collateral, so they offered that, we didn't even need to ask them. If we don't like the mine verification, we can revert back to the bond as was and take the coupon, and if the coupon fails or they decide they don't wanna do that, or our option, then effectively the trade get all the shares and the warrants they've got, they get assigned to us.

[19:10] And then, so the shareholders are in a much, much better position than in extremists, because we've effectively repossessed 250 million shares or whatever it is, and we've still got VGOLD.

[19:25] So we've still got an ecosystem to tokenize gold and other precious metals and real-world assets using that approach. Now, we don't want that to happen. We certainly don't, we've done all the work with our good friends at QGP, and we don't think it's gonna happen, but that's the downside protection that's a good thing for shareholders.

[19:49] Related party governance, I think I mentioned on it before, there's a whole bunch of conflicts. There's a conflict with ISL people, so whenever there's a decision around ISL, which Grant and I own the vast majority of ISL, we will accuse ourself.

[20:04] Whenever it's between QGP, there's a separate body that doesn't involve the QGP people being involved, so we have our good friends at Guild to help us navigate those. Every single time you've got those directors are excluded from the fairness decision.

[20:20] We have a much, much better board now. We've got proper non-execs, even though Simon Brickels has managed to stay the test of time and stay with us, which is great. So we have ex-KCs, we've got people who've done structured finance and commodity link finance. We've got one guy who worked for two US presidents. We've got a couple of other US non-execs lined up for if and when we get to NASDAQ.

[20:45] So the company has a much better governance framework, and that was one of the things why Jamie wanted me to get involved than it had before, and it does really, really annoy me, people drawing analogies with the DMC deal, which was a complete shambles from start to finish with one person making 99.9% of the decisions in isolation. There's no governance.

[21:09] So we think we're quite good, right? We're obviously always happy to take advice, but it's really tricky to navigate between the nonsense from all the conspiracy theories and all the chat rooms of any decent advice.

[21:21] I'm moving on, US listing and timeline. We are pretty much ready to advance our US listing. We need, the company needs revenues. That was made very clear from both NASDAQ and NYSE.

[21:37] We believed getting VGOLD up and VGOLD for QGP to get VGOLD coin during a couple of deals. That gives us the platform, the revenue platform to list in the US. They do not list companies on commissary stories.

[21:51] And hopefully in all the interviews I've said, I've been incredibly consistent, right? We want to build a decent company and build some revenues.

[22:01] And I fully appreciate that it might not suit what's happened to people because everybody's drank the Kool-Aid of a couple of people basically saying the whole thing's a Ponzi scheme and the whole thing's nonsense. Inside the company isn't. And inside the company, we don't think that. And inside the company, there's an awful lot of people who've spent 30 years in financial services who've helping make this company a decent company.

[22:24] But the plan is, and that will remain, we will once we build a revenue base and do a couple of big deals. You know, the coin GT deal, if we get that deal away, that's a multi-billion dollar deal for Valereum. So it's the biggest milestone for us. It isn't happening next week. So all the day traders buy with you, I wouldn't bother thinking that's your day trade because it isn't.

[22:48] Cash position of funding: We are obviously gonna get some cash and we have agreed some cash. We have had a number of the big, I would say, mine owners and the people that own the deals, not just QGP, who have indicated that they would like to invest in the company. Particularly the price coming down as much. We've had a few people come out of the woodwork.

[23:13] There's no guarantee on any single, for me, I think it's way more interesting down here now. But I'm certainly not gonna pop up the day traders by giving anybody anything. But I still think it's a great company now.

[23:29] It's an incredibly lean company. So we probably chopped 60, 70% of the cash burn out of the company. So it's not an expensive company to run. We could run for months and months and months even if we didn't close the DA with our good friends.

[23:46] So we'll undoubtedly consider when investors come along and we've had two or three of those conversations. But it's one of those things that with the coupon that's just been agreed we'll be okay, thanks.

[24:03] Rebuilding investor confidence: Now that's an interesting one, isn't it? I think number one, we're not gonna give you a date, we're not gonna be running commentary on the business. We're gonna focus on delivering what we've done with QGP. We wanna get the gold out.

[24:16] We think there's a bunch of trades to do where there's a bunch of other non-gold. So there's probably four or five other big token trades that we've currently got on the pipeline.

[24:27] I think we're gonna switch to giving everybody a bi-weekly update called Vox, I think it is, where we'll post it, we'll probably post it as a reach. It'll be on the website.

[24:37] And we're not gonna carry on with what this company's done and what other companies are do with, can I announce this, that and the other, hoping that the day traders are gonna do this and do that and the share price is gonna pop up. We're basically gonna give you two-week updates. And if that doesn't suit your investment profile, then again, we're probably not the right company for you.

[25:00] But it's all gonna be, again, hopefully that we've been consistent, certainly since I arrived, that we're going to focus on building a company that can basically do some deals.

[25:13] Progress with Valereum Markets: what have we done with Valereum Markets? We will be making an announcement in the next couple of days on Bluebird.

[25:23] I say we invested in three companies, of which there's going, I think, number one, we're very happy. I know Adam's on this call with Fidium. We adopted the DigiShares platform and we're massive fans of DigiShares. And I wouldn't be at all surprised to see DigiShares do a funding deal themselves in the very near future. They've had a fabulous year.

[25:47] The markets, it still remains the core strategic objective of the company. We're just gonna focus around real world assets, mainstream, very much around, we think there's an awful lot of mileage in gold mines and silver and magnesium and titanium.

[26:06] We will keep announcing strategic partnerships. So there are two of those. They look like they go in one ear and out the other to investors, which I don't know is more about, says more about what we're doing or their assessment.

[26:17] I personally think the ones we've done with Integra and RWA, there'll be one or two more, I think they'll get announced. We all think they're really, really good strategic partnerships. We speak to these guys most days. We're working on the VGOLD deal with all of them. And the one or two that we'll announce for distribution.

[26:38] And we'll just keep doing the ones that we think are the very best ones to do. More on a partnership and rev share model with them going forward than taking strategic. There's one that we would like to take a strategic stake in, but we'll see how this next month or two plays out.

[26:54] Yep, so I think our tokenization pipeline are pretty much summed up. We're gonna focus on the stuff that you've seen to don't expect anything different. So apologies for that, but that's what we're gonna do.

[27:07] Partnerships, we've mentioned that they're the cornerstone for anybody that's actually seen our roadmap. It's incredibly clear that around, it's around crypto payments or payments and developing tokenization ecosystem. And it's an incredibly simple business model.

[27:31] So amazingly, I've done that in 30 minutes, even though we've allowed an hour. I am going to ask there, I'm not opening up for Q&A. I hope I've answered.

[27:41] I can try and whip through if people want to stick on. I've got some other questions. So I will go some of the other questions. And even though they probably didn't collate it, I will try and slip through them very quickly.

[27:53] So what level of confidence do we have? QGP will enter into the exclusive agreement announced. They've already signed it.

[28:01] Do we have a value of VGOLD? I think you can find that on the VGOLD website. And it's three, I think it's 15, $16 billion, 3 million ounces of gold underpinning VGOLD core. That's to be finally verified, but we've had all the third party documents confirming that. That is called an NI 43 101.

[28:26] The mentioned around about the bond, that if we go back, then we end up back at the same position if we don't take VGOLD core.

[28:37] QGP fails, what is our plan B? We don't think they're going to fail, but we have a couple of plan Bs. We get approached quite often, right? We had one over the weekend. I don't think the company is short of survival plans.

[28:50] Yep, so how much institutional interest have we had on VGOLD thus far? It's in the several hundred millions. And that's just the distribution partners that we've tested the market with.

[29:01] If QGP walk out, does VGOLD still exist? Yes, it does. They own VGOLD core. I don't think it's in either of our interests for us to part ways with QGP, even though I would completely understand them being in control of the VGOLD core. I don't understand them being incredibly upset on the basis they've been called every name under the sun. I think it's incredibly unfair.

[29:29] I'm going to ignore some of the stuff of VGOLD is essentially worthless because that clearly somebody doesn't really know what they're talking about.

[29:36] How do we gain investor trust? I think there's only one thing, right? It's go and make some money. So we're going to focus on doing that.

[29:45] Dictate revenues, obviously we're not going to do that. We don't give forward guidance, especially, so we don't do that, but that's, people know what the fee pool is typically.

[29:56] How far away from NASDAQ listing? If it goes well, I think that's a three to six month minimum. They both told us that once we file and we've done everything to be in that position, it's three to four months after that.

[30:13] A lot of nonsense about this is an exit strategy from QGP. That would be slightly bizarre given the hundreds and thousands of dollars they've spent on legal fees and paid us and the thousands of hours. So I'd be quite surprised if that was the case.

[30:27] Bluebird, there'll be a separate announcement. It's been incredibly difficult us working with Bluebird for a whole bunch of reasons. They're the other side of the world. They don't really focus on the stuff that we focus on. We've tried to get something to work, but you'll see an announcement.

[30:44] What's Seb's role? Seb kind of is the CAO. He does pretty much everything and anything. Grant, Jamie and I and Carl are kind of the day to day in Valereum. Mark and Pete do BD. Seb probably picks up all the rubbish because there's an awful lot of admin in between. Most people would call him a CAO.

[31:07] The ISL team of which they are probably seven people, they tend to, we're probably working on eight, nine deals that they bought in. And we had to swap them into the company and out of their warrants to make sure that their interests were aligned with Valereum's and QGP's. So that's how we did that.

[31:28] Board level of confidence in turning down cash in favor of the gold token, if and when it's verified, which I'm pretty confident about. I've been very confident about that. I can't believe I'll be proven wrong, but you never know these things.

[31:44] It's an incredible deal for the company if it turns out to be true, right? Now you can, people can judge for themselves. So we've gone an awful long way down the road and it's an incredibly generous offer to profit share from QGP.

[32:00] Do we plan to provide greater transparency to investors? Yes, sort of. I'm gonna share the roadmap, but we're certainly gonna share bi-weekly updates.

[32:14] We'll just go through to one last one. Sudden change in strategic direction. I don't really think we have for the last year, so I'm not really sure what that's about.

[32:24] Clear vision and mission statement. I would have hoped that was relatively clear what we're doing. We're a tokenization company. We're very, very focused at the moment on getting V gold up because we believe that opportunity is huge. It's as simple as that.

[32:38] Decision of last minute deviation from the coupon payment. Not really, we've been talking to QGP probably three or four weeks about it. Probably the last couple of days, we kind of needed to either do a deal or not do a deal. And in the end, we've agreed to try and do a deal in the next couple of weeks. And if we don't do a deal, we'll revert back to the coupon.

[32:59] Investor confidence appears to be an all time low. For those people, I would suggest you're not in the right company and there's better companies on that quiz for you to go and invest in. And hopefully you either made money or hopefully you made money, but I'm sorry if you haven't.

[33:15] Do I do the shareholders believe the common board has added value while taking the company forward? I don't know. And I'm certainly not gonna try and answer it.

[33:26] So that's a list of about 30 that I had. I am gonna stop there.

[33:30] I'm also gonna offer, if people have follow up questions or comments to take some shareholder sentiment, please send them to info in the same way you sent these.

[33:40] I hope that has been helpful. I do appreciate that, but again, most of you guys have sold the shares down, right? Because it's not us and it's not QGP.

[33:50] So the reason why the shares went down to here is for a handful of people that have managed to create stories that basically are very negative on the company, but we're gonna focus on revenues. I do care about the share price, but I care about revenues a lot more. So thanks for joining.

[34:10] For many of those people, in fact, Mo Yusef, I noticed you and I know each other many ways back, but appreciate everybody dialing in this evening. Please follow up with other questions if you got them.
